Add note in test cases about dynamically adding DOCTYPE (#1107)
act-rules/act-rules.github.io: pages/implementations/testcases.md

  See the Test Cases JSON
 </a>

> > Note: Based on the file extension specfied for a test case within the examples code snippet (eg: html, svg, xhtml), respective DOCTYPE, if applicable is dynamically prepended to the generated HTML test case file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: Based on the file extension specified for a test case within the examples code snippet (e.g.: html, svg, xhtml), the corresponding `DOCTYPE`, if applicable, is dynamically prepended to the generated HTML test case file.
```
